Next, the question will be posed by the girl like smoke
Confucian good melody since childhood
Whoever can move the slave family in rhythm
The slave family will choose whoever is today's soldier into the wood
Miss Ruyan is really sweet
I know that my guzheng learns from everyone
This topic is specially created.
Want to enter the abyss dream with me
How about this? Can you play?
Know a little bit
If you understand a little, you dare to take it out and compare it with this young master?
Ah, just me
I recently invented a new musical instrument
It's called guitar.
Su Hai, you still invented musical instruments
It must be some kind of Xialiba rhythm
Ah yes yes yes
This
What is this guitar? I've never seen one before.
Look good.
Miss Ru, my song Miss Ru Yan
How